Task 1  (13/09/2021)
Q.NO:01
a);
***statically typed languages
static typing means that types are known and checked for correctness before running your program. This is often done by the language's compiler. For example, the following Java method would cause a compile-error, before you run your program in a statically typed language variables' types are static, meaning once you set a variable to a type, you cannot change it. That is because typing is associated with the variable rather than the value it refers to. Examples: C, C++, Java, Rust, Go

***Dynamically typed languages
A language is dynamically typed if the type is associated with run-time values, and not named variables/fields/etc. This means that you as a programmer can write a little quicker because you do not have to specify types every time (unless using a statically-typed language with type inference).Examples: Perl, Ruby, Python, PHP, JavaScript


b);

***scripting-language
A scripting language usually sits behind some programming language. Scripting languages usually have less access to the computers native abilities since they run on a subset of the original programming language. An example here is that Javascript will not be able to access your file system. Scripting languages are usually slower than programming languages. eg)Lua,JavaScript,VBScript and VBA & Perl

***Programming Languages
A programming language targets the computing system, which can be a real or virtual machine. The instructions are executed by the machine.programming languages cannot be used for scripting,Programming languages like Java are compiled and not interpreted by another application in the same way. example of programming languages are{ C
C++ and Java }


2);Difference between HTTP1.1 vs HTTP2?

The primary advantage of HTTP/2 is its improved speed over HTTP/1.1. This is achieved thanks to a combination of elements: HTTP/2 is binary, instead of textual meaning it is more compact, travels faster 'on the wire' and is less susceptible to errors. HTTP/2 is fully multiplexed.
HTTP 2.0 is a binary protocol that multiplexes numerous streams going over a single (normally TLS-encrypted) TCP connection. The contents of each stream are HTTP 1.1 requests and responses, just encoded and packed up differently. HTTP2 adds a number of features to manage the streams, but leaves old semantics untouched.

3);
***Objects, in JavaScript, is it’s most important data-type and forms the building blocks for modern JavaScript. These objects are quite different from JavaScript’s primitive data-types(Number, String, Boolean, null, undefined and symbol) in the sense that while these primitive data-types all store a single value each (depending on their types).
Objects are more complex and each object may contain any combination of these primitive data-types as well as reference data-types.
An object is a reference data type. Variables that are assigned a reference value are given a reference or a pointer to that value. That reference or pointer points to the location in memory where the object is stored. The variables don’t actually store the value.
Loosely speaking, objects in JavaScript may be defined as an unordered collection of related data, of primitive or reference types, in the form of “key: value” pairs. These keys can be variables or functions and are called properties and methods, respectively, in the context of an object.
For Eg. If your object is a student, it will have properties like name, age, address, id, etc and methods like updateAddress, updateNam, etc.
Objects and properties
A JavaScript object has properties associated with it. A property of an object can be explained as a variable that is attached to the object. Object properties are basically the same as ordinary JavaScript variables, except for the attachment to objects. The properties of an object define the characteristics of the object. You access the properties of an object with a simple dot-notation:
--objectName.propertyName--

4); codekata problems 
** 5 problems solved
